hey folks it's matt again I've got
another halo collectible minifigure
blind bag mega bloks review craziness
this is the red UNSC marine he he is one
of the common one so he is a common I
suppose he's pretty cool you can see
he's got a lot of smudge dirt marks all
over him that I would never of the dirt
marks but it kind of looks like we're
like you can see that he's been he's
been through some flights he's got some
nice gray accent into his body armor and
all this stuff looks cool I don't know
anything about these people in the games
because I don't know the games are from
I know halo but the this fellow was not
in the halos I played so I don't know he
looks pretty cool I enjoy him he's got
nice a gold visor kind of like the S
Spartan does and it looks like he's got
a communication piece right here you can
see that now he comes with a backpack
you stick it right in his back you got a
hole there big old peg it's very nice
articulation wise he's they all have the
same basically the same articulation I
haven't encountered any these normal
figures that don't have a bit bend at
the elbow swivel wrist ball joint
shoulder ball joint head and ball joint
hip swivel knee and swivel waist and do
don't break thank you can break all
right and as all the other figures and
comes with a black brick for as I take
them out with it that's secretly why
they included the break it so you can
have fun one set and he comes with that
I believe this is a rocket launcher only
because of the way he holds it you're
supposed to I would stretch his arm
stick this in here and
easy to rocket launcher so this is this
is the figure to run from forget the rat
c0 rocket launcher you see this big pegs
sticking out here this is nice a nice
little addition here is the fact that
you can take it plop it in his back
that's cool i like that it reminds me of
the game because i remember playing a
halo 2 multiplayer lose halo 2 one of
the halos and you can see the weapon
just like that on their back when
they're not using it so it kind of makes
sense that if you can be holding another
weapon then have this one on the back it
actually looks like the game which is
nice that they can achieve that without
making it look too goofy I think it
looks alright this is pretty cool this
is the red UNSC marine from the
collectible mega bloks line and I hope
you enjoyed this review see you next
time